Replace Ember.js by Vue.js (#168)
Scalingo/developers-documentation: _scalingo_api/index.md

control Scalingo's entire cloud computing platform and access to the rich
Scalingo dataset. The interface is stable and currently used by the Scalingo
[command line client](https://cli.scalingo.com) (written in Go) and

> [dashboard](https://my.scalingo.com) (an Vue.js app). However, changes are

Reviewer: Let's also update the address of the dashboard:

```suggestion
[dashboard](https://dashboard.scalingo.com) (a Vue.js app). However, changes are
```
